Don't be outspoken.
The girl who ruined people's reputation?
This is not your man
Then I'm relieved.
Hey, come on, come on, beautiful woman, this is a free place to go
He's my assistant.
Don't worry about Mr. Luo, haha wrong.
learn
apologize
Isn't there a waiter?
What do you want me to do?
A little assistant takes you out to be a nanny
If you don't order, who will walk slowly?
Miss Xu has worked hard
Sorry, sorry.
What's the matter with you?
How to pour wine
What rubbish
Why can't you talk anywhere?
I really think of myself as a cabbage
That Miss Xu?
I'm really sorry.
Introduce yourself again
My name is Rosen
Single is Xu Qi, the general manager of Roche Group
Hero
I'm going to the bathroom
A scheming woman like Xu Xi
You can't fight her
What can I do for you?
What do you mean?
Let him drink it
I'll arrange the rest.